2/17 Astro + CLI release notes (#387)
astronomer/docs: cloud/cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-restart.md

---
sidebar_label: "astrocloud dev restart"
title: "astrocloud dev restart"
id: astrocloud-dev-restart
description: Reference documentation for astrocloud dev restart.
---

## Description

> Stop your Airflow environment, rebuild your Astronomer project into a Docker image, and restart your Airflow environment with the new Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command does three things:

1. Pauses your Airflow environment and all its running containers
2. Rebuilds your Astronomer project into a Docker image
3. Restarts your Airflow environment with the new Docker image
```

> This command can be used to rebuild an Astronomer project and run it locally. For more information, read [Develop and Run a Project Locally](develop-project.md#build-and-run-a-project-locally).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used to rebuild an Astro project to apply your changes locally and is equivalent to running `astrocloud dev stop` followed by `astrocloud dev start`. For more information, read [Develop and Run a Project Locally](develop-project.md#build-and-run-a-project-locally).
```
